Add info for Factory access and scope (#439)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/account-management/team-based-access.rst

Team Based Factory Access
=========================

.. tip::
   The FoundriesFactory :ref:`API documentation<ref-scopes>` covers available scopes.

Larger organizations often need to restrict the access level a user has to the Factory.
For example, some users might only need access for managing devices,
while other users only need read-only access to source code.
Factory **Teams** is how FoundriesFactory enables you to control access.

A Team is comprised of:

>  * **Access control** - What :ref:`scope <ref-scopes>` is granted to

Reviewer: i believe "scope" should be plural here. A team normal has multiple scopes

>  * **Access control** - What :ref:`scope <ref-scopes>` is granted to

Author: ```suggestion
 * **Access control** - What :ref:`scopes <ref-scopes>` are granted to
```

   the team, e.g. ``source:read``.

 * **Members** - What users belong to the team.

> Once a user is assigned a team, their access will be limited to the scope granted to that team. 

Reviewer: scope->scopes

> Once a user is assigned a team, their access will be limited to the scope granted to that team. 

Author: ```suggestion
Once a user is assigned a team, their access will be limited to the scopes granted to that team. 
```

.. important::

>    It may take a moment for changes to scope/teams to take effect.

Reviewer: Let's check with @MiloCasagrande on this for the webui. You may have to log out/in in the web UI. However, I don't think API scopes require any time lapse.

Reviewer 2: Logging out/in unfortunately will not delete the member access cache: the cache key is built in a way that's not possible to retrieve it via the user id. That can be changed though.

Author: @MiloCasagrande Should I keep in the bit about it taking a moment then?

Reviewer 2: I think it's ok to say it will take some minutes for the changes to apply.

Author: Okay, I'm going to mark this conversation as resolved. Thanks @MiloCasagrande and @doanac
